# Urban-Scenarios-2023
Dataset on Integrated Urban Scenarios_Siir Kilkis

This dataset supports the original research article Kılkış (2023) on "Integrated urban scenarios of emissions, land use efficiency and benchmarking for climate neutrality and sustainability." 

This dataset involves a total of 37 datasheets that are organised into three main domains as follows:

1)	The first domain contains 9 datasheets focused on urban emissions scenarios. Analysed and generated data on carbon footprint per capita, SSP1 urban population projections per urban area, mitigation ratio of emissions trends per scenario, and annual urban emissions in 5-year intervals between 2015 and 2050 are given. Such data is followed by annual urban emissions data as a function of the given variables summed for cumulative urban emissions between 2020 and 2050. Related datasheets involve four scenarios SSP1-1.9, SSP1-2.6, SSP1-RE, and SSP1-RE-MC for 45 urban areas. The latter scenario extends local ambition-driven targets for 15 Mission Cities. 
2)	The second domain with 4 datasheets focuses on the impacts of land use efficiency (LUE). Data contains LUE values per urban area, built-up area in the reference and future years, and the annual CO2 sequestration penalty as a function of the urban area, its local biome, and LUE scenario in 5-year intervals between 2020 and 2050. These datasheets involve four scenarios LUE 5%, LUE 15%, LUE Av, and LUE Best scenarios. 
3)	The third domain has 24 datasheets based on the mean, 5th percentile, and 95th percentile values of 10,000 Monte Carlo simulations for each scenario that summarises the results of 3.6 million cells of data (45 urban areas x 10,000 simulations x 8 scenarios). These later worksheets involve the annual urban emissions per urban area for cumulative urban emissions (SSP1-1.9, SSP1-2.6, SSP1-RE, and SSP1-RE-MC) and annual CO2 sequestration penalty for cumulative CO2 sequestration penalties (LUE 5%, LUE 15%, LUE Av, and LUE Best) based on the Monte Carlo simulation results. 

The data structure is described in the information sheet and the dataset contains a total of 55,309 cells of data. The method and results based on the data are described in the original article that is published in Energy. The dataset of this original research article should be cited as: Kılkış (2023), Dataset on Integrated Urban Scenarios (v1.0.0). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7983041
